Number of players: 
     2 or 3.

Object:
     The first player to discard all of their cards wins.
 
Setup:
     Each player is dealt 5 piles of cards.
 
     4 crabcakes: piles of 2 cards with one face down and one face up
 
     1 hand: a pile of 4 cards facing down.
 
     The remaining cards are placed face down between the players as a draw pile.
 
Game Play:
     Before the Game starts players can rearrange their hand and the top cards of the crabcakes in any order they wish.
 
     The player with the lowest card goes first. This is accomplished by somebody calling out "anybody have a 3" etc.  If both players have the same lowest card, the person opposite the dealer goes first.
 
Player Turn:
     Player can play a card from his hand onto the top discard pile and then drawing a card from the pile if there are any.
 
     If the player has no cards in his hand he can play a visible crabcake.  If you play a crab cake, you do not turn over the card underneath (if applicable)
 
     The Player must (1) play a card that is larger than the card on the top of the discard pile; or (2) a wildcard.  If a player cannot play a card from their hand, then they must pick up all of the contents of the discard pile.  This player then re-starts the game by playing any card from their hand.
 
     There are 3 wild cards
 
         2: Player who plays this card: 
            (1) places this card on top of the discard pile; 
            (2) plays again, skipping opponent's turn
 
         10: Player who plays this card: 
            (1) places this card on top of the discard pile; 
            (2) removes the discard pile from play; 
            (3) plays again, skipping opponent's turn

         7:  Player who plays this card: 
             (1) forces his/her opponent to play a card with a value lower than 7 
             (2) play a wild card
 
     All of the cards in your hand must be played before you can play off of a crabcake.
     All of the visble crabcake cards must be played before the bottom cards can be flipped over
